but here yes and on my channel this is
my channel and a very special Christmas
tree and right ready but the birds are
here on the camera is my burn at wrong
recipe mean can it and a lot of uses out
how to get your channel don't even ask
right long story right here the first
risk and to me in over and special guest
days optimist turn 3 come on come on up
and you got a haircut and he actually
wants beautiful that's nice also his
conveys my a trooper Margaret guys um if
you are I actually have the very the
heard of the to do a level that you made
so just come fall and thank you an
acidic you and excuse yeah and if you
guys actually want to know it's like I
play microphones or joining me well
there's a mom a you I have a fixation
air or oxygen on it I got a PlayStation
Xbox Pacific sprinted 3-0 for a week dry
stop via with huh
I tell them the videos done this is it
okay and I can my best yoshi session
[Music]
typically usually um my divorces but for
this video we're gonna Donald which is
actually which I just rose up being
Yoshi need um at first you'll just know
but that it's like it was in Samba is
actually is done and I'm not so sure how
I get is arisen I'm motion oh gosh whose
TVA
doesn't actually beat the game for me
yeah I just need to be predominant and I
are game my mind yeah
he then city song but I want to put on
but I actually wanted to go do again and
you can't you began you owe me but
you can explain it in don't exactly
all right Rondo punky stage yeah which
asked you to personally character that
Ashley is an internal this one it turns
out with our few characters that we
don't have but it what I don't hit the
blue one Oh make sure this doesn't open
ok powerful okay cause the game
thank you okay sorry sorry I sprung up
did make sure got you okay hold it but
make sure got the same season you're
like in one hand they should I it stays
in there do you
you can make your at it saving their you
make sure that it stays okay alright
[Music]
[Applause]
it says well you have to squish it in
hard that's why that's why I keep I keep
time ups as well ease your next booking
it
[Applause]
okay so she's on my channel not as
easily not always
[Music]
[Applause]
Oh
[Music]
[Applause]
Oh Adam I try to do it right in it with
you you never switch super double
attendant babies a camera guy
now once I guess make sure once up
first ones a guy run point this inside I
plug the charger on so I'll take this
one remember something Gogi lineman
lunge got it Tom okay okay okay about it
you said you what is a curse word will
know my word I should even like you I am
really try to feel like that if you
people my friend singing have like a red
shell
[Applause]
[Music]
yeah wait thank you
[Applause]
[Music]
de Rome you are you drop because it's a
special biggest what we are gave me my
elbows are we really close this is
Winnie so ready to bat Martin Tyrande
and coral I am we need to hurry
no Susie variation sorry yet all right
[Music]
Tomica did the Chargers on I don't know
yeah okay I can unplug it it's all week
charge okay then you get on
oh it's a one-story enough for me at
this video the other nearby